two
[Music]
input is very intuitive and I
ask if you want to close movie or
series
suppose it is a movie
just like a little screen with the
news
news from the movie environment
many interesting things
and here also starts to show
Recent options for searching for
residents of the option to search for
premieres
following with this option that is going to me
wear
to a movie
while here I can continue
looking and looking for different options and
specifying more
let's continue here for example let's choose
a movie
suppose it says the premieres option
well punctuated popular or here in hd or
high definition or classic we go to the
releases to see what's new and here
we can choose if this terror action
animated of the genre that we feel like
see we play that out of action
all right
and introduce us and suggest the site
The indestructibles
two
ok we click there
here it shows us the possibility of
choose from which video source from
where we want to see it